about yours do we have what an Indian
send every single track and here under
you can see Thomas in the number one and
then you can see Percy and then you can
see Skarloey so let me go ahead and show
you the race track from the far place
and here you can see this is how it
looks and this is gonna be a fun race
here you can see the button here is the
flag is button to this button if you
turn it on it the sound will come from
this side in correction yes so it can
lead to clear longer time then the other
two we put this curly at the top and
Thomas all the way down so they see how
it happens
so you just notice that whoever is on
third place that straight one gets
toward than the other two but that's not
the problem with engines that's the
problem with the track let's go ahead
and have fun at the track
and this time instead of Scully you can
see Toby and this is just basically a
fun race see they are not competing with
each other
and on the other side you can see
there's space breakin put the engines do
this so I put four engines here this is
a cool place to give a mince and with
this you can roast them you can let
them go
this is good options you have here for I
think if yours thank you for watching
please make sure to subscribe leave a
comment how did you guys like he'd take
one of the pictures to see other racing
video thank you